docs: add example of plugin re-use (#2489)
sopel-irc/sopel: docs/source/plugin/advanced.rst

it is still recommended to prevent any race condition.

Re-using commands from other plugins
====================================

Because plugins are just Python modules it is possible to import functionality
from other plugins, including commands. For example, this can be used to add
an alias for an existing command::

    from sopel import plugin
    from sopel.modules import wikipedia as wp

    @plugin.command("wiki")
    @plugin.output_prefix(wp.wikipedia.output_prefix)
    def wiki_alias(bot, trigger):
        wp.wikipedia(bot, trigger)

> .. warning::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::

```

    Any callables imported from other plugins will be treated as if they were
    defined in the current plugin. This can lead to duplication of plugin
    rules. For the most predictable results, import the other plugin as a

>     module rather than unpacking callables from it using a 'from' import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    module rather than unpacking its callables using a ``from`` import.
```

it is still recommended to prevent any race condition.

Re-using commands from other plugins
====================================

Because plugins are just Python modules it is possible to import functionality
from other plugins, including commands. For example, this can be used to add
an alias for an existing command::

    from sopel import plugin
    from sopel.modules import wikipedia as wp

    @plugin.command("wiki")
    @plugin.output_prefix(wp.wikipedia.output_prefix)
    def wiki_alias(bot, trigger):
        wp.wikipedia(bot, trigger)

.. warning::

    Any callables imported from other plugins will be treated as if they were

>     defined in the current plugin. This can lead to duplication of plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    exposed in the current plugin. This can lead to duplication of plugin
```
